fix: improve documentation (#920)
EddieHubCommunity/LinkFree: README.md

4. Install dependencies with `npm install`
5. Run `npm start`

> 6. Optional: Run the tests with `npm run cypress:run`
> 7. Optional: After adding your profile, you can see your profile in the main menu with `npm run generate`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Optional: Run the tests with `npm run cypress:run`

> **Warning**: After adding your profile, you'll not see it on the home page, you can see your profile in the main menu with `npm run generate`
```

5. Run `npm start`
6. Optional: Run the tests with `npm run cypress:run`

> > **Warning**: After adding your profile, you'll not see it on the home page, you can see your profile in the main menu with `npm run generate`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Warning**: After adding your profile, you'll not see it on the home page, you can see your profile in the main menu by running the command `npm run generate`.
```

> > **Warning**: After adding your profile, you'll not see it on the home page, you can see your profile in the main menu by running the command `npm run generate`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> **Warning**: After adding your profile, you'll not see it on the home page; you can see your profile in the main menu by running the command `npm run generate`.
```
